that a final encounter for the 2005 MX
motocross of Nations race 3 appendix 1
MX open look out for Carmichael look how
eager and that service efforts is upside
down on the start that's a Japanese
rider alongside him but that's efforts
the current MX 1 world champion from
Belgium and the Belgium's led going into
this final race that's blown it ever
just going to have to ride the race of
his life what I want that was comically
just going through their notionally now
that Carmichael in the lead so that
would have been his team do comebacker
101 is I'm trying to pick out a who's
who at the moment and we got one on the
floor Natalie up Tanner laughs has gone
down again as the rest of the pill come
through come on cameraman let's have a
look at the front it's Windham the leads
totally secular town he goes on inside
winter comes back at him and he blows
him into the fence and I said that boy
has got the onees pair of Kiwi almost
you have ever seen he takes no prisoners
so it is tarah lee at the moment where
is carmichael and there is the American
now have we seen Ali change I don't
think so there is wind up tally must
still be out in front well as I said
France kind of blew it a little bit for
themselves but there is Gulman on that
number nine machine David billman in the
open class he's got his fellow
countrymen mckelvey Sean not that far
out in front so what can you say about
these guys there is the 101 bike of
Ricky Carmichael now can i call leads
with the fastest lap I'm 54 this guy
just keeps getting quicker and quicker
and quicker can get it down to one
minute I don't think so middle if he
does for the fact is certainly on
further down through the field come back
who's this that is Evans ever to fell on
the openers the baton of a 13th position
that's auntie coronary problems on
Abbott's charging through the ville like
a demented maniac he wants to try and
get belgium at least onto the podium if
he possibly can Kevin strivers number 10
and Stefan Everts number 14 has 10 of 14
that's 24 points that's not good
there's townley down in second Joshua
copings is behind him so the two Kiwis
well that surprises seven points third
for new zealand at the moment are they
going to make the podium there's Townley
so Carmichael got past the Kiwi I can
only assume you made a mistake
off-camera we didn't see it but Townley
was so dearly wants to be Carmichael oh
and Down Goes caroli this is a disaster
Fatima Talia that is just a corolla
course with a skateboard injury to his
wrist this is not going to help things
at all can I kill Townley three-second
just over three seconds Townley his
staging a fight back he wants to beat
the American he wants to go to the
States next year and say hey man you
will can only see one thing on my bike
the exhaust pipe at the back but a hoe
tech Carmichael is going to agree with
that he wants this one he wants it for
us America they didn't compete last year
in narok they didn't qualify hit zolder
last time the one it was in zhongshan
don july in two thousand Oh believe you
me d Americans want this more than
anything they want to go back to the
states and hey we're the best of the
best of the best in the world there is
tribus with channel lyrics ho belgium
young Kevin storm is having a brilliant
ride at the moment he's really gone for
this Simas tenth place at the moment
along with the Estonian tunnel lil
efforts 12 play so that is 22 points
that puts belgium in fourth position
they only need to move a couple more
forward and they're going to get on the
podium but that's what man i'm fairly
sure we'll be there 103 is Kevin Windham
he led this race away until town he went
past him now his teammate Carmichael's
got it it looks like the Americans are
going to take this let's have a look 16
points france in second with 23 new
zealand at the moma was 33 and time with
belgium on 33 great britain on 53 there
we go portugal what a great ride from
them netherlands a good ride south
africa with tyla rattray on Aidan I'm
Japan with Yoshi a suitor 96 points in
12 so it's it's really between New
Zealand at the moment of Belgium Italy
110 points Germany whether a linear so
is Switzerland and sour Australia but
here they come that is 12th place for
seven habits one point is all it's going
to be needed to be scored
to put and fern on the podium ever to
want that he'll get the pit boards from
his mechanics France at the moment in
second blue flag goes out to the back
marker be sean is informed chasing that
David Berman frog set in second place at
the moment if he's young can get past
woman that will be the one point needed
to put Belgium third on the podium they
want it more than anything they came
here to win they ain't gonna win but
they're going to make down sure they're
up the podium collecting something
Windham is in what that's three and like
a Michelle for son it's a great balance
owed a moment Americans take the red
plate 10 sorry Kevin Windham for America
they lead for motocross donations here
2005 in only a look at the crowd well
enthusiasm in abundance but there is the
101 like Ricky Carmichael the American
he knows they've got it he's there he
was here he's part of the winning team
with Ricky Johnson in the course Roger
DeCoster the legend himself as a team
manager can I kunos Americans got it
Carmichael knows they've got the trophy
16 points France and Belgium go to third
knocking New Zealand out of that podium